pcapfix: add page (#12231)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pcapfix.md

# pcapfix

> Prepair pcap and pcapng files.
> More information: <https://f00l.de/pcapfix/>.

> - Repair a pcap/pcapng file::

Author: Thanks for the hint! However, the `--deep-scan` option says 262144 bytes. Do you know what this refers to?

> - Repair a pcap/pcapng file::

Reviewer: The README says 65536, did I get it wrong, is it outdated or something?
> Deep Scan Option
> ................
> 
> In classic pcap files, pcapfix will only scan the first 65536 bytes (maximum
> packet length) for a proper first packet. If you want to force packet detection
> even above this limit (e.g. because your file has been heavily destroyed) you
> can use the deep scan option (-d).
> 
> This option is not necessary for pcapng files because the whole file is arranged
> in blocks that are 'unlimited' by default. In result pcapfix will always scan
> the whole pcapng file for further blocks.

> - Repair a pcap/pcapng file::

Author: The way I see it, the information on the man page is contradictory. I have created an issue about this: https://github.com/Rup0rt/pcapfix/issues/35

> - Repair a pcap/pcapng file::

Author: https://github.com/Rup0rt/pcapfix/blob/devel/pcapfix.1#L24

> This option will force pcapfix to scan for any packet inside the whole file (instead of the first 262144 (max snaplen) bytes only).

> - Repair a pcap/pcapng file::

Reviewer: It is 262144, see https://github.com/Rup0rt/pcapfix/issues/35#issuecomment-19425590847 for more details

> - Repair a pcap/pcapng file::

Author: I have added the note. Thanks for the research!

> - Repair a `pcap`/`pcapng` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Repair a `pcap`/`pcapng` file (Note: for `pcap` files, only the first 262144 bytes of each packet are scanned):
```

> `pcapfix {{test.pcap}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`pcapfix {{path/to/test.pcap}}`
```

> - Repair entire pcap/pcapng file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Repair an entire `pcap` file:
```
From the project's README: "This option is not necessary for pcapng files because the whole file is arranged
in blocks that are 'unlimited' by default."

> - Repair entire `pcap`/`pcapng` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Repair an entire `pcap`/`pcapng` file:
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions! I should now have improved everything.

`pcapfix --deep-scan {{test.pcap}}`

> - Repair a pcap/pcapng file and write the repaired file to a specified file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify the name of the repaired `pcap`/`pcapng` file:
```
It seems like this argument is required, so it should be in all examples.

Author: If no output file is explicitly specified, it is saved in a file with the `fixed_` prefix.

> `pcapfix --outfile {{repaired.pcap}} {{test.pcap}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pcapfix --outfile {{repaired.pcap}} {{file.pcap}}`
```

> - Repair a `pcap`/`pcapng`` file and write the repaired file to a specified file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Repair a `pcap`/`pcapng` file and write the repaired file to the specified location:
```

Author: Thanks for the hint! Now the sentence clearly looks better.

- Repair a pcapng file and treat it as a pcapng file, ignoring the automatic recognition:

> `pcapfix --pcapng {{test.pcap}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pcapfix --pcapng {{file.pcap}}`
```

> - Repair a `pcapng` file and treat it as a `pcapng` file, ignoring the automatic recognition:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Repair a `pcap` file and treat it as a `pcapng` file, ignoring the automatic recognition:
```
Shouldn't this be repair a `pcap` file here?
Or is the placeholder below wrong?

Author: The placeholder is incorrect. Thanks for the hint!

- Repair a file and show the process in detail:

> `pcapfix --verbose {{test.pcap}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pcapfix --verbose {{file.pcap}}`
```

> `pcapfix --deep-scan {{file.pcap}}`
> 
> - Repair a `pcap`/`pcapng`` file and write the repaired file to a specified file:
> 
> `pcapfix --outfile {{repaired.pcap}} {{file.pcap}}`
> 
> - Repair a `pcapng` file and treat it as a `pcapng` file, ignoring the automatic recognition:
> 
> `pcapfix --pcapng {{file.pcap}}`
> 
> - Repair a file and show the process in detail:
> 
> `pcapfix --verbose {{file.pcap}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`pcapfix --deep-scan {{path/to/file.pcap}}`

- Repair a `pcap`/`pcapng` file and write the repaired file to a specified file:

`pcapfix --outfile {{path/to/repaired.pcap}} {{path/to/file.pcap}}`

- Repair a `pcapng` file and treat it as a `pcapng` file, ignoring the automatic recognition:

`pcapfix --pcapng {{path/to/file.pcap}}`

- Repair a file and show the process in detail:

`pcapfix --verbose {{path/to/file.pcap}}`
```
